Create rule S7203: Java Keystore files should not disclose cryptographic private keys (#4685)
SonarSource/rspec: shared_content/secrets/fix/store_separatly.adoc

**Store cryptographic keys separately** 

> Store private key separately from the main codebase, even if they are in a password protected format.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Store private keys separately from the main codebase, even if they are in a password-protected format.
```

> It will avoid unecessary exposure and mitigate the risk of private key being leaked if the password is compromised.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It will avoid unnecessary exposure and mitigate the risk of private keys being leaked if the password is compromised.
```
